So now we have kinda two guides in here.
And for an exercise, you can kind of take
a look at trying whichever one of these
seems a little bit more
interesting to you.
And then we'll kinda do them together.
But we're gonna try to build that card
component that we kinda used in a previous
example.
Which, if you look at it
at the end of the day,
let's just kind of like look at
the anatomy of what this might be like.
So we definitely know we've
got the stack in here, right?
We will probably have an auto layout for
these three pieces.
But then if you also look,
we've got a place in there as well.
Now, could this theoretically just be laid
out normally with a set of constraints,
you could, right?
But the interesting part is, this now,
if you add a third thing in there will
just kinda balance automatically.
If any of these kinda grow or
shrink, if the text grows,
it'll automatically grow
the height of either sides.
They'll behave very much like
they do in the web, right?
The other version that we have is also a
set of nesting, auto layouts in this case,
where we would have a button bar where
they're all kind of aligned to the right,
but then also a vertical hierarchy for
the other pieces as well, right?
So I'm gonna give you a little bit of
time to kind of try out one of these.
And then we'll kinda step through either
one or both of them as a group and
kind of explain it as we go along.